NEW Port file-based session handler from CMS 6 (#1)
silverstripe/silverstripe-non-blocking-sessions: README.md

## Silverstripe Non-Blocking File-Based Sessions

[![CI](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-non-blocking-sessions/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-non-blocking-sessions/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

## Overview

Provides a non-blocking file-based session save handler for Silverstripe CMS 5.

> > [!WARNING]
> > This is not needed for Silverstripe CMS 6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!INFO]
> This module is not needed for Silverstripe CMS 6+ because this functionality is built into `silverstripe/framework`
```

Reviewer 2: Done (but added "from 6.1.0 onwards")
